[DX-1499] Dashboard 5.5 release notes (#5045)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-dashboard/release-notes/version-5.5.md

"...it is important to document the customer impact for the work delivered, so we can share it with prospects/install base. For example:
"New Chart delivers x and y benefit to a and b customer use cases. The business impact for them will be this and that" -->
#### Added
<!-- This section should be a bullet point list of new features. Explain:
- The purpose of the new feature
- How does the new feature benefit users?
- Link to documentation of the new feature
- For OSS - Link to the corresponding issue if possible on GitHub to allow the users to see further info.
Each change log item should be expandable. The first line summarises the changelog entry. It should be then possible to expand this to reveal further details about the changelog item. This is achieved using HTML as shown in the example below. -->
<ul>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Configure the new endpoint level rate limits in API Designer</summary>

Rate limits can now be configured at the endpoint level in Tyk OAS and Tyk Classic API definitions. Configure these new more granular controls from the API Designer. 
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>

> <summary>Updated NPM packages for React v18</summary>

Reviewer: Please move this to the Changed section

Reviewer 2: @andyo-tyk @Eopayemi 

moved and updated

</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Improved schema editor functionality for GQL APIs</summary>

We've expanded the functionality of the schema editor for GQL APIs. Users can now easily import their schema from a file, export it, or quickly clean the entire editor if a mistake is made.
</details>
</li>
</ul>

#### Fixed
<!-- This section should be a bullet point list that describes the issues fixed in the release. For each fixed issue explain:
- What problem the issue caused
- How was the issue fixed
- Link to (new) documentation created as a result of a fix. For example, a new configuration parameter may have been introduced and documented for the fix
- For OSS - Link to the corresponding issue if possible on GitHub to allow the users to see further info.
Each change log item should be expandable. The first line summarises the changelog entry. It should be then possible to expand this to reveal further details about the changelog item. This is achieved using HTML as shown in the example below. -->
<ul>
<li>
<details>

> <summary>Response Plugins Issue with OAS API Definition Resolved</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Resolved an issue seen when using reponse plugins with Tyk OAS APIs</summary>
```
